Author is Yair Levi
Create Document PRD for Python program that works on Google Colab.
Besides create the Python instructions with explanation before each section and prepare it as notebook for Google Colab.

The program will do classification that distinguish if an image is a cat or a dog in PyTorch.
1. Download cats and dogs images database from local computer ./dogs and ./cats folders.
   Each folder contains 1500 images of dogs or cats.
   The images mere taken ahead randomly from Kaggle site.
   The images are in color but different resolutions.
   Show some pictures of cats and dogs from this pool.
2. Take 1000 dos images and 1000 cats images randomly for training.
   Take the rest 500 dogs images and 500 cats images for validation.
3. Preprocessing:
   Explain on each step.
   a. Resize all images to resolution of 150x150.
   b. Normalization: consider if there is a need to normalize the pixel values between 0 and 1.
   c. Labels: The labels, dog or cat, are according the folder they were taken from.
      Need to convert to One-hot encoding to be compared later with output of the network to see if there 
      is an error, all this is done in PyTorch. 
4. Build the network architecture in CNN:
   Explain on layers, input output, hidden layers, convolution layers, MaxPooling layers, activation function and Loss function, number of kernels.
   Use as last 1 or 2 layers, Fully Connected layers.
   a. Put the number of layers in the network and number of perceptrons in each layer and number of kernels as the default, but let the user control it.
   b. Use Softmax as activation function for the output layer and ReLU for the hidden layers.
   c. Loss Function: Use Cross-Entropy as a Loss Function in classification that measures the performance of a model by calculating the difference between predicted probability distributions.
   e. Output: 2 output perceptrons with probability, then using SoftMax for decision.
5. dividing the data:
   This step is done while loading data, add explanation.
   Training: 1000 dog images and 1000 cat images.
   Test: 500 dog images and 500 cat images.
6. Training (Fit):
   a. Optimization method: 
      Use Gradient Descent as optimization method in the training.
      Use backpropagation with learning rate when using the gradient descent with Adam algorithm.
      Show the learning step (rate).
   b. Draw a graph of the Cross-Entropy and evaluation graph to see the improvement with training.
   c. print model.summary().
7. Test:
   a. put a few pictures as output to see if succeed to know the animal type.
   b. run test on the test group.
   c. Draw the confusion matrix 2x2.
   d. In cases it was not correct, explain why it didn't guess correctly.
8. (manually) Improvement: 
   Try to improve and show improvement by confusion matrix 2x2.
   Try play some of the parameters.
   Explain what caused the improvement.
   Try once to make the network deeper (more layers) and compare to the regular network that was created.
   Try to make the network wider (more perceptrons in the layer and compare results to the regular network.
   Try to change number of kernels if possible.


