Author is Yair Levi
Create Document (PRD?) for Python program that works on Google Colab.
The document will contains the Python instructions with explanation before each section that we can copy it to Google Colab.
In addition create the Google Colab notebook for this with explanations.

The program will do classification according to the Fashion-MNIST database.
1. Explain on the Fashion-MNIST database, show some pictures and download the Fashion-MNIST database of fashion.
2. Preprocessing:
   Explain on each step.
   a. Normalization: Normalize the numbers that enter to the input between 0-1.
   b. Flattening: The input is pictures 28x28=784 features.
                  There is only gray level and no RGB.
                  Flatten the data from 2D picture to 1D vector, do it in Keras.
   c. Labels: The labels (10 fashion items) need to convert to One-hot encoding to be compared later with output of the network to see if there is an error, all this is done in Keras. 
3. Build the network architecture in Fully Connected:
   Explain on layers, input output, hidden layers, activation function and Loss function.
   a. Put the number of layers in the network and number of perceptrons in each layer as the default, but let the user control it.
   b. Use Softmax as activation function for the output layer and ReLU for the hidden layers.
   c. Loss Function: Use Cross-Entropy as a Loss Function in classification that measures the performance of a model by calculating the difference between predicted probability distributions.
   e. Output: 10 output perceptrons with probability, then using SoftMax for decision.
4. dividing the data:
   This step is done while loading data (Keras), add explanation.
   Training: 85% of the samples.
   Test: 15% of the samples.
5. Training (Fit):
   a. Optimization method: 
      Use Gradient Descent as optimization method in the training.
      Use backpropagation with learning rate when using the gradient descent with Adam algorithm.
      Show the learning step (rate).
   b. Draw a graph of the Cross-Entropy and evaluation graph to see the improvement with training.
6. Test:
   a. put a few pictures as output to see if succeed to know the fashion item.
   b. run test on the test group.
   c. Draw the confusion matrix 10x10.
   d. In cases it was not correct, explain why it didn't guess correctly.
7. (manualy) Improvement: 
   Try to improve and show improvement by confusion matrix 10x10.
   Try play some all parameters.
   Explain what caused the improvement.
   Try once to make the network deeper (more layers) and compare to the regular network that was created.
   Try to make the network wider (more perceptrons in the layer and compare results to the regular network.

