Author is Yair Levi
Prepare python program that will work in virtual environment in WSL.
The API Key is found at /home/ro/api_key.
Do not expose the API key to public in the code.
The mission is to prepare a Python program that will use the next AI 
Python program should not contain more than 300 lines, if needed divided it.

There are 3 AI agents, all of them already implemented.
This is only description, you can skip to the main program.
1. First agent:
It is prepared at Claude Code cli by the command "/agents".
Its name is "sentence-generator".
Its role is to create short sentences about 3 different subjects, randomally, each sentence is only one subject.
Its input:
a) Number of sentences to create.
b) The subjects.
Its output:
The short sentences.

2. Second agent;
It was prepared at Claude Code cli by the command "/agents".
Its name is "convert2vector".
Its role is to convert a group of sentences to a group of vectors, each sentence is one vector.
The process will use the Sentence_transformers library.
Choose model best suitable for semantic similarity identification.
This will run on the local computer.
Its input:
A group of sentences to convert.
Its output:
A group of randomized vectors 


3. Third agent:
It was prepared at Claude Code cli by the command "/agents".
Its name is "divide2clusters".
Its role is to clustering a group of sentences to 3 clusters, by semantic similarity, by Kmeans algorithm.
Its input:
A group of normalized vectors that represents sentences.
Its output:
The 3 clusters generated by Kmeans algoriths.

The main program in local computer:

1. The clusters creation step:
A python program will call AI Agent "sentence-generator" to create 100 sentences, each sentence randomly 
about one of these 3 subjects: sport, work or food.
The program will take the output from this agent to input of "convert2vector" agent.
The program will take the output from this last agent to input of "divide2clusters" agent.
The program will show the clusters at diagram and a table.

2. The test step:
The program will call AI Agent "sentence-generator" to create 10 sentences, each sentence randomly 
about one of these 3 subjects: sport, work or food.
The program will take the output from this agent to input of "convert2vector" agent. The output is already normalized.
The program will take the output from this last agent and run KNN algorithm on each vector, using the 
clusters from the above "divide2clusters" agent, to assign each vector to the appropriate cluster.
The program will show in diagram and table, which vector was assigned to which cluster.
