The current folder is C:\Users\yair0\AI_continue\Lesson42_AutoEncoder\AutoEncoder\.
Put all artifact there but use relative paths for all purpose.

Author is Yair Levi
Create PRD for Python program that works on WSL in virtual environment.
The main program will call tasks.
Each Python file no more than 150 lines.
The venv folder will be at ../../ of the current folder.
Create also Claude.md, planning.md and tasks.md.
Create also requirements.txt file for the virtual environment. 
The program will be created as a package including __init.py__ and the necessary settings.
The program will use relative paths and not absolute.
Use multiprocessing if it possible.
Use logging, starting from INFO level.
The log will be in the format of Ring buffer of 20 files.
Each file is up to 16MB.
When the last file is full the first file will start to be overwritten.
The log files will be in the "log" subfolder.
At last create also the python program.

The program:
The current folder contains 2 subfolders:
"cats" folder with 1500 cats images.
"dogs" folder with 1500 cats images.
Use hyperparameters, so user can change settings:
1. Code size: 
   The size of the bottleneck determines how much the data is to be compressed.
   Adjustments to code size are one way to counter overfitting or underfitting.
2. Number of layers: 
   The depth of the autoencoder is measured by the number of layers in the encoder and decoder. 
   More depth provides greater complexity, while less depth provides greater processing speed.
3. Number of nodes per layer: 
   Generally, the number of nodes (or “neurons”) decreases with each encoder layer, reaches a minimum at the bottleneck, and increases with each layer of the decoder layer—though in certain variants, like sparse autoencoders, this is not always the case. 
   The number of neurons may also vary per the nature of input data: for example, an autoencoder dealing with large images would require more neurons than one dealing with smaller images.
4. Loss function: When training an autoencoder, the loss function—which measures reconstruction loss between the output and input—is used to optimize model weights through gradient descent during backpropagation. The ideal algorithm(s) for the loss function depends on the task the autoencoder will be used for.


The tasks:
1. Resize all images of cats and dogs to the same dimensions that are appropriate to the input of the encoder.
   Measure the time it took to perform it.
2. Create AutoEncoder for the cats images and train the model.
   Measure the time for program training.
   Show some samples for the input and the correspondence images output.
3. Create AutoEncoder for the dogs images and train the model.
   Measure the time for program training.
   Show some samples for the input and the correspondence images output.
4. Merge Cats encoder with Dogs Decoder.
   Show some samples for dogs input and the correspondence images output.
   Show some samples for cats input and the correspondence images output.
5. Merge Dogs encoder with Cats Decoder.
   Show some samples for cats input and the correspondence images output.
   Show some samples for dogs input and the correspondence images output.
