Author is Yair Levi
Create Document PRD for Python program that works on Google Colab.
Create also readme.md file.
Besides create the Python instructions with explanation before each section and prepare it as notebook for Google Colab.

The project purpose is to train and test autoencoder that removes noise from a noisy images.
We will use the a cat dataset located in Google Drive at /cats folder.
All steps in the Google Colab should be explained in the Colab notebook.
For each step record the time to perform it.

The next steps are 3 preprocessing steps:
1. In order to save time, choose only 3000 pictures.
2. Decrease Resolution to accommodate the input of the AutoEncoder and save in another folder.
   Show progress bar for this operation.
3. normalize the images when it is required.
   Show progress bar for this operation.
Consider what to do first related to speed and space in the Google Colab.

The resized images are clean from noise and we will work on them.
4. Add random noise to each picture and save the noisy pictures in another folder.
   The noise will be from normal distribution.
   The noise will be maximum 0.01% - 10% of the pixel value.
   Before running this step, we determine by a GUI slider what is the maximum level.
   Add also to the GUI, start, stop and pause buttons to control when start or stop the process.
   For each noisy picture need to remember what is the clean resized picture that is related to it.
   Show progress bar for this step (the adding noise).
   Add noise at different level of noise by the slider to all the clean pictures and save each level at different folder.
5. Show some samples of clean picture and the same picture with different level of noise.
6. Build AutoEncoder.
   The autoencoder has hyperparameters. Expose important hyperparameters to the user to be changed. 
7. Train the Autoencoder with noisy pictures:
   The input is a noisy picture and output is the picture without the noise.
   To get the loss function, we need to compare the picture in the output to the related clean picture.
   Show progress bar for this step.
   Record the time to run this step.
8. compare at end of training noisy picture, picture after autodecoder and original clean picture.
   Show a few samples for human comparison.




