Author is Yair Levi
Create Document PRD for Python program that works on Google Colab.
Besides create the Python instructions with explanation before each section and prepare it as notebook for Google Colab.

The project purpose is to assess the risk of diabetic retinopathy that causes blindness by examine eye scanning images.
The image can classified to 1 of 5 categories: 0, 1, 2, 3 and 4.
The classes are described below while DR means Diabetic Retinopathy:
0 - No DR
1 - Mild
2 - Moderate
3 - Severe
4 - Proliferative DR

We have dataset that contains eye images and labels.
That dataset was taken from Kaggle at https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/aptos2019-blindness-detection/data. 
The images are located at Google Drive at Diabetic_Retinopathy/images folder while each image has a specific name followed by ".png" suffix.
The labels are located at Google Drive at Diabetic_Retinopathy as lebels.csv file.
The labels.csv file contains 2 columns:
The first column has "id_code" header and contains the names of all the pictures (without the ".png" suffix).
The second column has "diagnosis" header and contains numbers from 0 to 4 that tells the eye diagnosis as shown before.

Transfer learning:
Since training would take too much time, we will use a model that was trained already on ImageNet pool, like ResNet-50.

Measure the time of each step (like balance image processing, decrease resolution preprocessing, etc.)

The next steps are 2 preprocessing steps:
1. Balance image preprocessing.
2. Decrease Resolution Preprocessing.
Consider what to do first related to speed and space in the Google Colab.

Balance image preprocessing:
The categories in the dataset are not balanced.
Counting the categories we have:
Category 0: 1806 images.
Category 1: 371 images.
Category 2: 1000 images.
Category 3: 194 images.
Category 4: 1180 images.
Throw images from some categories and augment images in other categories, so each category will contain about 1000 images.

Decrease Resolution Preprocessing:
Decrease the resolution of the images to 224x224. 
 
The program will do classification that classify the image to one of the 5 categories.

Divide the dataset to 2 partitions:
80% for the training and 20% for the test.

normalize when it is required.
Use Adam optimizer.
Let the user control if he will use batch normalization or not.

Display one image from each category for human comparison.

For all tests do also measurements like confusion matrix, accuracy, precision etc.

The program will run the next steps:
1. run the test on the pretrained model without training it, just to measure success and failure.
2. Freeze all layers except the last layer of Fully Connected, train the model and test it.
   Save the model to Google Drive.
3. Unfreeze some more deep layers, train and compare to previous results.
   Save the model to Google Drive if there is enough space.
