The current folder is C:\Users\yair0\AI_continue\Lesson30\Lesson30_BalancedTokenTree.
Put all artifact there but use relative paths for all purpose.

Author is Yair Levi
Create PRD for Python program that works on WSL in virtual environment.
The main program will call tasks.
Each Python file no more than 150 lines.
The venv folder will be at ../../ of the current folder.
Create also Claude.md, planning.md and tasks.md.
Create also requirements.txt file for the virtual environment. 
The program will be created as a package including __init.py__ and the necessary settings.
The program will use relative paths and not absolute.
Use multiprocessing if it possible.
Use logging, starting from INFO level.
The log will be in the format of Ring buffer of 20 files.
Each file is up to 16MB.
When the last file is full the first file will start to be overwritten.
The log files will be in the "log" subfolder.


1. Create a BST tree with 5 levels (16 leaves).
2. Enumerate the nodes and leaves:
   Leaves will be named from 1_1 to 1_16 (16 leaves).
   Next level nodes will be from 2_1 to 2_8 (8 nodes).
   Next level nodes will be from 3_1 to 3_4 (4 nodes).
   Next level nodes will be from 4_1 to 4_2 (2 nodes).
   Next level will be the root 5_1.
3. For each leaf pick a random numbers of tokens from 0 to 1000.
   Draw the tree with number of tokens in each leaf.
   For each node above the leaves summarize number of tokens of his children and it will be its value.
   Do this until the root level.
   Draw in a graph the tree with number of tokens in each leaf and node.
4. Use the next algorithm that takes the tokens in leaves and change locations so the tree will be more balanced:
   a. Take the number of tokens in each leaf and put them in an array.
      Sort the array by tokens number.
   b. Delete the tokens number from the leaves and the nodes.
   c. Take from the array the biggest number and the smallest number and put them in 2 leaves under the same parent.
   d. Delete these 2 numbers from the array.
   e. Repeat on steps "c" and "d" untill the array is empty and all leaves are populated with token numbers.
   f. For each node above the leaves summarize number of tokens of his children and it will be its value.
      Do this until the root level.
5. Draw in a graph the tree with number of tokens in each leaf and node.
6. Redo steps 3 till 5 to run one more iteration.