The current folder is C:\Users\yair0\AI_continue\Lesson34_Gmail_API_AI_Agents\gmail_api\.
Put all artifact there but use relative paths for all purpose.

Author is Yair Levi
Create PRD for Python program that works on WSL in virtual environment.
The main program will call tasks.
Each Python file no more than 150 lines.
The venv folder will be at ../../ of the current folder.
Create also Claude.md, planning.md and tasks.md.
Create also requirements.txt file for the virtual environment. 
The program will be created as a package including __init.py__ and the necessary settings.
The program will use relative paths and not absolute.
Use multiprocessing if it possible.
Use logging, starting from INFO level.
The log will be in the format of Ring buffer of 20 files.
Each file is up to 16MB.
When the last file is full the first file will start to be overwritten.
The log files will be in the "log" subfolder.

The program:
In short:
Prepare python code that connect to Gmail, scan for a specific mail by a search criteria, check for event in the mail and put it in the calendar.
The details:
1. For credentials and token to access the API use the files in folder ./credentials.
   The credentials are found at credentials.json file and the token is found at token.pickle file.
2. Create a configuration file.
   a. The program will use the configuration that define the search criteria for the required mail.
      The search can be done by one of the below criteria. Need to edit this configuration file before running.
      1. A word in the subject. 
      2. The sender.
      3. The mail label
      4. The mail unread status.
   b. The file will also define the interval in seconds to search mail in polling mode.
3. When starting the program ask the user if the program should run in one time mode 
   or polling mode, and run according to that.
   a. One time mode:
      Search for the mail by the search criteria and if it doesn't exist then exit 
      with appropriate message.
   b. Polling mode: 
      The code run in a loop and check if there is a mail by the criteria.
      Scan interval will be taken from the configuration file.
      On each search, label the mail you find as "read" so you will not scan 
      it next time if the search was for "unread" mails.
      Limit the scan only from the previous day of running the program onward.
4. Parsing meeting details from the meeting:
   Find from the mail body all the required details for the meeting:
   Date, time start and end, subject, location and details.
5. The python code adds this event to the calendar by using the calendar API. 
6. For parsing the meeting details from the mail, use API Key from Anthropic.
   The API Key files are located at ../../Anthropic_API_Key as "api_key.dat",
   "key.txt" and "key.txt.pub".
7. Do not expose any of the API keys. 


