The current folder is C:\Users\yair0\AI_continue\Lesson48_Reinforcement_Learning\Reinforcement_Learning\.
Put all artifact there but use relative paths for all purpose.

Author is Yair Levi
Create PRD for Python program that works on WSL in virtual environment.
The main program will call tasks.
Each Python file no more than 150 lines.
The venv folder will be at ../../ of the current folder.
Create also Claude.md, planning.md and tasks.md.
Create also requirements.txt file for the virtual environment. 
Create also readme.md document.
The program will be created as a package including __init.py__ and the necessary settings.
The program will use relative paths and not absolute.
Use multiprocessing if it possible.
Use logging, starting from INFO level.
The log will be in the format of Ring buffer of 20 files.
Each file is up to 16MB.
When the last file is full the first file will start to be overwritten.
The log files will be in the "log" subfolder.
At last create also the python program.

The program is Reinforcement Learning by Q table.
The program will create a table of 12x12 cells.
A drone can move on this table.
The start point where the drone starts is located at the left upper cell.
The end point where the drone should arrive is located at the bottom right cell.

Up to the table add a menu composed of buttons:
1. Option to pause/resume the run and it is also the start button.
2. Toggle Editor:
   When we enable it, in the right side pane appear options to add or remove Building, trap or wind in a cell.
   Entering a building high negative points, trap is average negative points and wind  less negative.
3. Toggle heatmap:  
   Toggle it you can see the buildings, traps etc. for changing them or just view.
   Toggle it again to get heatmap that is the V value for each cell.
4. A button that when toggle it shows a slider to set the running speed that can be traced easily by human eye.
   The running speed will be set by sleep time between each step.
   The range would be 0 till 0.5 seconds, while 0 value means no sleeping.
5. Toggle arrows: show or hide the arrows that show the best path from one cell to its neighbor.
6. Toggle Q and V: Show or hide the Q and V both in each cell (Q has 4 values in each cell).
6. Soft Reset: Reset all V and Q to 0 values and delete arrows, locate drone at start point but leave 
   structures in table as are.
7. Hard Reset: Reset all as in soft reset include structures.


Create a view area on the right to the table that shows dynamically:
1. Episode number that is currently running.
2. Total rewards for current episode (negative number).
3. Epsilon value. 
   This is the probability to do exploration and not exploiting.
   It is dynamic, at first it is big and with time and improvement it decreases.
4. Number of step in current episode.

create Legend also on the right side:
1. Show the color of a building, trap, wind, starting cell, target cell.
   You can see them in the table when you toggle the heatmap button.
2. Epsilon value: This value can also be controlled.

The running process:
1. Before starting, the user will build the structures in the table, like buildings, 
   traps or wind using the toggle editor button.
2. At start the Reinforcement Learning (RL) agent will reset in each cell the values of V and Q to zero.
   Q value is for 4 directions for each cell: up, down, left and right.
   The exception  for Q value are the extreme cells:
   a. All the cells that are on the left table border will get high negative Q value to the left direction
      because you cannot go left from these cells.
   b. All the cells that are on the right table border will get high negative Q value to the right direction
      because you cannot go right from these cells.
   c. All the cells that are on the upper table border will get high negative Q value to the up direction 
      because you cannot go up from these cells.
   d. All the cells that are on the bottom table border will get high negative Q value to the down direction 
      because you cannot go down from these cells.
   e. The 4 cells that are in the corners will get in 2 directions high negative Q value, 
      but it is already handled in the above 4 bullets.
   f. Each cell that has a border with a building, trap or wind, will get Q negative value 
      in the direction of the blocking object, the value will be in accordance the structure type.
   g. Besides the above, each step to each direction adds -1 points, 
      because the purpose is also to get the shortest  best path to the target.
3. At start the drone will be located at leftmost upper cell.
   The drone image will be taken from subfolder images/ as "drone.png" image.
   If required resized it to accommodate to a cell dimensions and save the new image.
   It will seen on the cell of its current location and hides the cell content, 
   but when the drove continue to move, the cell content will be seen again.
   For now the drone.png is attached to the Claude prompt window so resize it if required.
4. The drone will search the best way (by minimum negative points) to the target 
   (bottom right cell) using reinforcement learning.
5. At first when all Q and V are zero, the agent explore by exploration and not exploiting.
   Then it will use the epsilon for exploring by probability.
6. Each episode is limited to maximum 60 steps, if not reaching the target after 60 steps, 
   finish the episode and start a new episode.
7. Each step in the episode will try to update Q and V values.
8. When after a cell update, its V and max Q are equal or very close, 
   it finishes to handle this cell and put an arrow to the maximum Q direction from this cell.
   If there are 2 identical maximum Q values, the agent will choose arbitrarily one of them.
   In each cell only one arrow.
   The arrows show the path to the target.
   Generally, the agent will build the arrows from the last cell (the target) 
   to the direction of the start cell. 
   The arrows direction will point from start cell to the target cell, 
   but building the arrows will start from the end.
9. If during the running, the structure is edit (add or remove a building, trap or wind), 
   the running will reset Q and V and start from the start point.
10. Show graph of Epsilon on the right pane.
11. Calculate the average V and average max Q for all cells, update after each step and 
    plot the graph for V and S with time (or total steps) on the same plot.
    Both V and max Q will be go up and V is lower than max Q, but becomes closer to it with time.
